Kind: captions
Language: en
In this video, we're going to pick our
best office chairs for long hours. That
means 8, 10, 12 plus hours. All of us
are different heights. Ryan is 5'9. I'm
6' and Robert is 6'2. Sometimes he's
6'3. So, let's take a look at these
picks. Now, on the thumbnail right away,
we tried to get you that ultra cheap
$150 pick with the Dexi. This is Ryan's
latest chair that he's reviewed.
Unfortunately, I'm going to be real
honest. Ultra cheap picks and long
hours, they don't mix. And so,
unfortunately, I can't sit in that 1 to
two hours, let alone eight plus. So,
let's jump into it. starting at $300.
Ryan, what do you have? So, my pick here
is going to be the Kami Atlas, but to be
honest, I'm not sure if there really is
a chair here that I'd be comfortable
sitting in for longer than 6 hours. The
Atlas is going to be my best pick. It's
got a decent seat, really good back
rest, adjustable arms, nice recline
range. But, I'm still going to be at
that 5 to 6 hour range. So, if you're
looking for something under 300 bucks, I
would go towards the Atlas. I don't know
if this pick would even really qualify
for this list cuz I I don't have a chair
personally that I found for under 300
bucks that I'd be comfortable in for
eight plus hours. That's just the truth.
Yeah, I went the same way. I actually
went back and looked at your video. You
just made a best under 300. I'm like,
"Okay, could I sit longer in any of
these chairs?" The only one that stood
out to me a little bit is that branch
task chair, but that's still I could not
do a 8 hour sitting in that chair. So,
Atlas would still be my top pick. I do
like how it has the headrest, which is
pretty nice. I would say the only thing
you could do here is maybe roll the dice
on like a Facebook Marketplace,
Craigslist, something like that. Pick up
a used chair that's a premium chair,
maybe sub 300, but you're you're
definitely rolling the dice. You're not
getting a warranty. And I mean, those
can be in any type of condition. But I
think at $300, you're going to really
struggle unless you absolutely have to
force yourself into something. If you
hate our picks and want some more
options, click the link in the
description for our full cheat sheet.
All right, at $500, Ryan, what do you
have here? So, for me, this was kind of
a difficult pick, too, because when
we're talking eight plus hours, the
chair kind of has to check all of the
boxes. So, when looking at new chairs, I
really could only find one chair that
might reach that reach that potential,
which would be the Euroch Vera in the
seat. Amazing. S tier seat, S tier back
rest. I really like the recline. Do not
add the headrest. I don't like the
headrest. My biggest issue with the Vera
is going to be those arms. And for me,
they don't go quite low enough for me.
And so, thinking about it for 8 plus
hours, they're a little bit firm. I
don't love it for 8 to 12 hours. So,
truthfully, my pick here would be a
refurbished AMIA or a MeepE or some
variation of a refurbished AMIA chair
cuz you're going to be able to get that
for under $500. It's going to be better
quality than just rolling the dice on
Facebook Marketplace. So, this is one of
those price ranges where it's really
really hard to find a chair that I'm
confident in for eight plus hours. And
I'd probably go with a refurbished
high-end chair from Steelcase or Herman
Miller or something like that. Yeah, I'm
right there with you. I love that Vera
back rest, which is for me what makes me
be able to sit in it for longer hours. I
also feel the same way. I wish those
arms went a little lower. So,
personally, I would go that refurbish
route. AMIA to me is the way to go. We
have our used ASIS AMIA. I mean, they're
barely over 350. You're almost close to
that lower price range, but that has a S
tier seat, A tier back rest, A tier
arms. So, you're getting that super high
quality and definitely I could sit in a
MIA for 10 hours, no problem. So, around
the $500 range. I mean, you're looking
at chairs from like autonomous. You're
looking at branch chairs. $500 right now
in 2025 is a stretch pick to get
something to sit in eight plus hours.
None of the chairs that are mentioned
really have a headrest either, which I
think is a problem. Like the Vera does
have a headrest. If I were to pick a
chair at the $500 range, it would be a
Vera chair. But that headrest, it's
really rolling the dice cuz it's fixed
in position. Unless it fits you, it's
going to be annoying cuz it it just
doesn't move up and down. And maybe if
you hit your timing right, you can get
like a Hworth Soji chair close to the
$500 range. But again, you're going to
run that same issue. You don't get a
headrest. And I think a lot of people,
especially people watching this video,
are going to want a headrest if they're
doing more than just task. You know,
they're they're gaming and they're doing
things like just hanging out after work.
So, for me, it would be the Vera, but
you probably want to forego that
headrest. All right, $700 here. We're
starting to open the door to some more
options, I think. Robert, what do you
have? So, you actually just mentioned
this chair. I actually ended up picking
the Sogi here, but there's a little bit
of an asterisk. So, that's the Hayworth
Soji. You can get this for about 5.55
about with the lumbar support, 4D arms.
Really nice chair. If you want to go new
and get the full warranty, they have
really nice uh customizable options to
change your color and all that stuff.
Very comfortable chair. Fits a large
range of users. The only problems with
it there is again, it doesn't have that
headrest, which for long hours, I'd
really like to have that headrest. And
I'm also I I weigh this where it's like
it's actually really close in comfort to
the Vera and I can get the Vera for even
cheaper. But it is another option that's
just a little bit more than that Vera
chair and it's going to be very
comfortable. I thought about this range
probably for the longest out of the
entire list because the Soji is a great
chair. It's my most recommended chair
for under $700 because it just checks
all those boxes. Very well-b built,
great warranty, all the adjustments,
comfortable seat, arms, back. But it is
Hayworth's entrylevel chair. And is it
meant to be sat in 8 to 12 hours a day?
No, it's not. It's meant to be sat in
for maybe 5 to 8 hours a day. So when I
think about things like the seat, it is
a very firm seat and the arms are not
ideal for that 8 hour 12-hour stretch.
And so for me, when I really really
think about this, this is another
situation where I'm going with a used
leap chair. The leap chair is my number
one pick. I sit in it everywhere. I sit
in a used leap in my office. I sit in a
used leap at home. I sit in a new leap
when I'm in the studio. And so for me,
you're not going to find a more
comfortable chair for under $700 than a
used Leap chair. And if you're going to
spend between 5 and 7, you can get a
high-end refurbished chair that's going
to have new components, warranty, return
policy, all that stuff. So, you can get
it for about 50% off, which is going to
blow any other $700 new chair out of the
water. So, right at that $700 mark, it's
just like $15 under right now. You can
get the OM Yes chair with the headrest,
nice big supportive arm pads. It's got
that nice thick seat pad, but it doesn't
really like sink down all the way. It
like gives you good support. This is
probably one of the few picks. I think
it's something that a lot of people
don't really know is out there. A tier
for that headrest. Nice and widely
adjustable. Got a mesh back rest if you
like that. Super adjustable in the back.
Seat slider arms are widely adjustable.
This would probably be the only pick I
could find if you want to go that new
route and you want to get that headrest.
So, so for that $1,000 pick, I'm going
to jump in here because I think this is
the easiest pick for me personally. It's
going to be the Steelcase AMIA.
$999 from Steelcase. Brand new, 12-year
warranty. This is a chair you can easily
sit for 12 plus hours. got really
comfortable arm pads. The seat I love.
The back rest has got just that right
amount of lumbar support. Now, the only
thing is if you need a headrest,
absolute deal killer because there isn't
an option here with that. So, I could
have easily picked the AMIA 2.
Truthfully, for me personally, I would
probably pick the AMIA because I'm not a
headrest lover. But, I'm going to pick a
different chair here that I think is
amazing. I'm going to go with the OM
Truly with the jacket because it is a
plastic back rest to soften it up and
you can keep it under 1,000 bucks. Now,
the Truly is probably one of the most
underrated, undertalked about chairs in
the entire market. But this thing is
loaded with adjustments, more
adjustments than any chair that we're
going to talk about on this list,
including chairs like the Leap chair. It
has infinite adjustments. I think the
seat is very, very comfortable. The new
arm package that we have on it is great.
You can move them anywhere. They're nice
and soft. And I think the back rest is
awesome. So, for me, it's going to be
the Truly chair. So, I'm excited. You
guys didn't take mine. I'm going to pick
a new chair that I haven't picked
before, the Erggo. So, this does get you
one I went back and forth on. Yeah, they
get you can get it in under $1,000. It
does have a headrest. I'm actually going
to go with the all leather version for
this pick because I do like the how the
leather feels on my neck. So, Erggo has
that great pivoting lumbar support. Just
pushes into my back in just the right
way. And I also love the arms. So, for
me, long hours, you really want nice
arms. And honestly, it's pretty close to
the same comfort as the Aeron. Actually
has more adjustments than the Aeron. So,
I'm going Erggo. You could do the mixup
where you have the mesh back and the
leather seat, which is a great option,
too. Yeah, that Gen Two was a huge
upgrade for sure. All right, right back
to you, Robert. At $1,500, what do you
have there? So, in the past, I've been
picking the Zod around this area for
that thousand pick, but I'm always kind
of cheating a little cuz really my
favorite Zodie pick is the one with that
knit back rest and it also has the dual
posture, which puts you up to about
$1,400. So, that's going to be my pick
here. I do really like the seat on that.
I believe we've all picked this chair as
pretty high A tier all around. And
again, for long hours, having that dual
position, it kind of like is almost like
you have an extra chair cuz you can
raise up your desk if you have a height
adjustable desk, sit at a little
different position. Kind of helps you
break up those long hours. Has really
nice arms. Only problem doesn't have
that headrest, which I I wish I'd had a
headrest, but still going to be a really
happy pick. I know I could spend long
hours in this. So, for me, this was the
easiest pick on the list. My favorite
chair of all time is a Steelcase Leap,
and you can get it for under 1,500
bucks, fully loaded. You just can't go
leather. So, easily my S tier pick. Like
I said, I sit in it in my office. I sit
in it at home. I'm sitting in it right
now. For me, it checks every single box.
The only thing that it's not going to
have is that headrest. And do not buy
the headrest from Steelcase. It is not a
good headrest. You are going to regret
it and it's a real pain to take out. We
do have a a video to show you how to
take it off if you want to. I would just
forego it, but that's going to be the
one downside, but otherwise S tier for
me on everything. So, I would just go
with a brand new Leap. That headrest is
so bad that they removed it from the
retail site. Oh, did they? So, you can't
even buy the headrest on the chair
anymore. or my guess is because there
was a tremendous amount of complaints.
So, yeah, at $1,500, I I really wanted
to pick the Steelcase Leap here. I
assumed someone else would pick it
because he basically has done everything
but retrofit his car with a Leap chair.
So, he is definitely loving that chair.
So, I actually went with the Neutral
Posture 8000 chair. Now, this is a chair
again that maybe not everybody knows
about, but we do pick quite frequently
in different areas. This chair is
actually built for 24 hours. It's a
24-hour chair. It's continuous shift.
They've got all kinds of adjustments
that you can add. You can really kind of
allocart it how you like it, but it's
got S tier armpads with the 360 arms.
It's got an S tier headrest, which is
absolutely incredible. And if you're
okay with not having that rocking back
and forth motion on this chair, you're
going to hear from our sales team that
this is arguably the best chair out
there for 1,500 bucks. You might want to
consider the indulgent foam, which is
more of like a memory foam if you want
to kind of fix what feels like maybe
some people consider it to be a little
bit too soft in the seat, but otherwise,
really nice pick here. All right, the
final pick. No budget pick. Robert, what
do you got? I mean, you know what I'm
going with here. The Herman Miller
Embody. You what? You thought I was
going to say Aeron. Kicked us out. Yeah,
I thought Aeron with the drafting stool.
So, usually I do pick the Aeron as my no
budget pick, but again, we're talking
long hours. So, long hours, I'm going to
prefer the cushion seat. And I also love
that Atlas headrest. So, pop on that
headrest. It's going to be well over
$2,000. It's expensive chair. So, for
these long hours, I really want to be
able to kick back a little, have that
deep recline. The Aeron and the Embbody
have that amazing deep recline. Feels
super smooth and that headrest just kind
of lends to that. You can kind of get
that right in the right spot on your
neck. Also has really nice arm pads.
They're a little unique in their
adjustments, but they fit me really
well. That arm roll, so this shoulder
problem we sometimes talk about, it kind
of gets taken away a little to me when I
use that headrest and I dial back the
back rest just right. So, sorry Aaron,
I'm going with the Embody this time. I
mean, truthfully, my pick realistically
would be the Leap. I mean, because if I
wanted to sit in the Embbody with an
Atlas, it would I'd be sitting in it. I
can sit in We have multiple of them
here. Um, but I literally, like Greg
said, if I could sit in a Leap in my
car, I would, but I'm going to change it
up a little bit. I'm going to go with
the same pick as Robert because I do
think it makes a lot of sense for that
no budget pick, especially because you
can add that headrest. If you couldn't
add the Atlas headrest, I I wouldn't
pick it over the Leap, but it does add
an extra dynamic. There are times that
I'm at my house, usually late at night
when I've been sitting there for 5 6
hours straight and I'm a little bit
tired and I'm kicking back watching
something and it's and I'm doing this
and it's like ah it would be kind of
nice to have a headrest right now. And
so for that situation would be amazing
because that Atlas headrest does add a
whole new dimension and I do really like
the Embody. I might be down talking a
little bit compared to the Leap, but it
is one of my three S tier chairs that
I've ever reviewed. So that would be my
pick as well. My no budget pick here is
pretty simple, pretty easy to guess,
too, because I'm sitting in it right
now. It's a Nightw Watch Commander
chair. This is actually a chair we
designed and developed for this exact
scenario. Whether you want a work task,
you want to game, or you want to just
kick back and watch your favorite
content, this thing is an absolute tank.
Over 100 lbs. Super supportive in the
seat and the back. It's not going to
give you like that where you sink way
deep down into it, but it's going to
give you that feedback that you want so
that you do feel comfortable for 12 plus
hours easy in this one. Now, the
headrest on it, again,
multi-dimensional. Make it a neck roll,
make it a headrest, kind of get it out
of the way when you don't want to use
it. and it doesn't necessarily have that
full like I take a nap in the chair
recline, but that's kind of ridiculous.
I think we've come to that conclusion.
You can still get it back in a really
nice deep recline by pivoting the back
rest back on it and then going full
tilt. Only hang up here, guys, is if
you're maybe 5'9 or shorter, you're
probably going to want to look at a foot
rest or maybe another chair. We don't
have a solution there for it yet, but
I'm telling you, this is an easy pick
for me because I'm already using this
chair 12 plus hours and I love it. All
right, guys. What are your picks? Are
they aligned with ours? Are they
completely different? Have you found
something that maybe we don't know
about? Definitely want to share that
down in the comments. Thanks a lot for
watching. We'll see you on the next one.
