Kind: captions
Language: en
Are you looking for the best drone? In
this video, we will look at some of the
best drone on the market. Before we get
started with our video, we have included
links in the description. So, make sure
you check those out to see which one is
in your budget range. Number one, DJI
Mavic 3 Pro. If you want the best
cameras in a drone, get this model. Its
main camera has a larger sensor than
that of our top pick, and it adds 70mm
and 166mm equivalent lenses to capture
more distant subjects. The DJI Mavic 3
Pro takes many of the best features of
the Air3S and for a little more than
twice the price, ups the camera count to
three. It not only offers a Hasselblad
branded 24mm equivalent wide-angle lens
with a 4/3 sensor, but also sports two
telephoto lenses, a 70mm equivalent with
a 1/1.3 in sensor and a 166 mm
equivalent with a/ an inch sensor.
Thanks to the comparatively huge sensor
on the main camera, the Mavic 3 Pro can
capture more detail than our other picks
and can do so in a much wider band of
lighting conditions. As a result, it
produces better images right out of the
camera, and it gives editing software
more data to work with to improve the
images even further. This model can
capture vibrant, detailed still images
with its three cameras, and its video at
up to 5.1K resolution, looks more color
accurate than footage from the
competition. It also has a 43minut
battery life, which isn't the longest
we've ever seen in our tests. Our top
pick beats it by a bit, but comes pretty
close. Number two, DJI Mini3.
This drone offers DJI's autonomous
features, minus obstacle avoidance, and
a 4K camera that can shoot in portrait
or landscape, all in a tiny package
weighing less than 250 g. If you're just
getting into drone photography,
especially for personal use, the DJI
Mini3 is a fantastic starter package.
Though it costs less than half as much
as our top pick, it still offers a 4K
camera, a long 38 minute battery life,
and a compact, lightweight build that
just slides under the FAA's 250 g limit.
The Mini3's camera and sensor aren't as
high quality as those of the Air3s. But
the F/1.7 aperture provides surprisingly
good image quality in lower light
conditions. This model also comes with
all the important features you need from
a video drone, such as image and flight
stabilization, an included controller,
and smartflight modes in which the drone
flies itself to easily capture cinematic
shots. But it lacks the obstacle
avoidance sensors of more expensive
models. You have the option to extend
the battery life to 51 minutes via DJI's
intelligent flight battery plus, but
using that add-on makes the drone heavy
enough that it would need to be
registered with the FAA.
Number three, DJI Avida 2. Like other
firstperson view FPV models, this drone
trades obstacle avoidance and stability
for more aggressive, immersive footage,
but its software and hardware guardrails
make it more beginnerfriendly than most.
All of our picks are capable of
capturing good-looking, highresolution
aerial footage. But while the others
focus on smooth cinematic shots of
landscapes or sweeping vistas, the DJI
Avida 2 is designed to emphasize speed
and agility, creating footage that makes
you feel as if you're riding on board.
This small buzzy fighter jet DJI's third
iteration of its firstperson view drone
finally puts the FPV format inside an
easily accessible and relatively
practical package. It's equipped with a
1/1.3 in sensor that shoots 4K footage
at up to 100 frames per second, motors
that can propel it at up to 27 m/s, in
contrast to the Air3s and Mavic 3 Pros
21 m/s, and a sturdy plastic shell that
can handle a wide range of impacts when
you inevitably run it into a tree or
wall. The FlyMore Combo that we
recommend includes an updated headset,
three batteries good for roughly 20
minutes of flight time each, and a new
smaller version of the motion controller
that launched with the original DJI FPV
drone. This upgraded controller makes
flying more intuitive for new pilots.
But if you want to unlock the more
aggressive manual control mode, you
should also have DJI's more traditional
FPV remote controller 3. Number four,
Auto Robotics Evolite Plus. This easy
tofly drone provides a 6K camera and 40
minutes of flight time. And unlike DJI
drones, it has no known security
concerns, but the video quality isn't as
crisp or as colorful. If you are
avoiding the DJI brand due to security
or human rights concerns, or if you want
a 6K camera, we recommend the Auto
Robotics Evo Lite Plus. This drone can
fly for up to 40 minutes with autonomous
options similar to those of DJI drones.
And unlike the DJI Fly app, the Auto Sky
app is available for direct download
from the Google Play Store. However, we
still prefer DJI drones for their value
and image quality. Flex your creativity
with an adjustable aperture from f/2.8
F/11, giving you the ability alter
exposure in depth of field in
imaginative ways that show off your
unique artistic style. Equipped with a
1-in CMOS image sensor and Otle's
intelligent moonlight algorithm, the EVO
Light Plus can capture crisp, vibrant
details at night with low noise, even
when the ISO is cranked up high. Number
five, Holy Stone HS360S.
Holy Stone HS360S drone with camera for
adults. Featuring the Holy Stone latest
design, weighs less than 250g. This GPS
drone offers the perfect solution for
hassle-free flying in the States without
FAA or remote ID registration.
Perfect for capturing stunning footage
on the go. Holy stone drones with camera
for adults. 4K equipped with 1/3T camos
Galaxy Core sensor in 4K 85° wide-angle
camera adjusted within 90° by remote
control or the app. Capture stunning
3840x260p
photos and 4K videos. Unleash your
creativity from a whole new perspective.
Holy Stone HS360S, a GPS drone with
camera, features Holy Stone's enhanced
remote controller. Now you can connect
your smartphone to the controller using
just one data cable and enjoy real-time
image streaming without the necessity of
Wi-Fi. Set the social media stage on
fire with stunning visuals from the Holy
Stone HS360S GPS 4K drone with camera.
Thanks to Holy Stone advanced
intelligent control system, the control
range of HS360S drones with camera for
adults 4K is up to 10,000 ft. The
powerful modular battery supports 20
minutes of flight. Experience the
freedom to explore like never before
with Holy Stone drone for adults.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
