Kind: captions
Language: en
2026 is looking like a pretty insane
year for sneakers from Adidas. They
honestly have some of the best range
when it comes to comfortable,
affordable, and unique options. But
which ones are actually worth your
money? Well, today I'm going to tell you
with the top 10 best sneakers to buy in
2026.
Coming in at number 10, the Adidas Addi
Star Harmony. Essentially, this sneaker
is a premium version of one of my
favorite Adidas models, which is the
Addi Star 3 and 4. And if you've never
heard of those two, well, essentially
they're an extremely affordable option
from Adidas that offers insane comfort.
Now, if you wanted an affordable option
or you're on a budget, I definitely
recommend the Addi Star 3. The fours are
okay, but not as good as the threes. But
if you wanted the top of the entire
pyramid, the Addi Star Harmony is the
way to go. This version, you have a much
more robust textile upper that even has
some metal on it over the ice days. It's
a lot more padded and durable, so it's
going to last a lot longer. And even
though visually it kind of looks very
similar, the midsole does have some
differences. It's got the same
cushioning which is insanely
comfortable. They've got a lot of really
cool colorways and obviously
collaborations now, especially with the
latest Bape one. Those are bangers.
Unlike the more affordable options, this
one comes with a plate in the midsole,
which you know, usually is reserved for
their like high performance running
shoes from different brands. You know,
the carbon plates that they like to put
in those. And this one somewhat
functions the exact same way except it's
engineered for casual lifestyle wear,
which means when you're walking around,
it gives you a slight little rock, just
making them really, really nice to wear
on a day-to-day basis. Honestly, it's an
incredible everyday option from Adidas
that is super cozy and I think looks
really good. So, highly recommend.
Coming in at number nine, a very
interesting pair of shoes, the Adidas
Mega Ride AG. Now, obviously, hence the
name, this is, I guess, a continuation
of the classic Adidas Mega Ride, which
is a little bit of a strange pair of
shoes. It's kind of like shocks, but not
really. Now, I've been waiting on the AG
version of this to release for a very
long time, ever since the first leaks
and rumors. And even though this does
have a lot of the Mega Ride in it, it's
actually very different. Before we even
get into that, I will just say that it's
still in the early days of the rollout.
So, the only pairs that we have
currently are the Willie Shiovaria
collaboration, at least at the time of
recording. The whole GR rollout is going
to happen very, very soon. And honestly,
I'd say wait for that because they're
probably going to be a little bit more
affordable and you're going to get a lot
more different options. But in general,
yes, this is probably one of the most
interesting Adidas models for 2026. It
reminds me a lot of the New Balance
2000, one of my favorite sneakers from
the brand. Obviously, the Nike Shocks
has a lot of influence on these as well.
And they're not just unique visually,
but even on foot, they feel very
different. For starters, they're a
little bit on the heavier side. You will
feel a little bit of the extra heft when
you pull them out of the box and throw
them on foot. And it's all really
because of this crazy midsole with these
huge cavities inside of it that kind of
collapse as you're walking around. And
despite the way that it looks like it's
going to be hard plastic like the
original Mega Ride, this is now a much
softer rubber. So, it actually squishes
when you walk it. Now, it's a different
feeling to what you're probably used to
when it comes to a lot of the foam shoes
that exist nowadays. So, it doesn't
squish quite like that, but it still
does have a really nice heel totoe
transition. So, walking around does feel
comfortable, but honestly, the main
appeal of this pair of shoes is just how
they look. I mean, they look sick. I'm a
big fan of these and I think they're
going to have a huge year here in 2026.
So, highly recommend them. Taking the
number eight spot, we got a good old
classic from Adidas, the Campus Double
O's. Now, this is probably one of the
most popular Adidas models that they
sell, and it's really not that hard to
understand why. It's a classic look, but
at an affordable price point. It's more
chunky and puffy compared to a lot of
the other retro models that Adidas
sells. So, you get that kind of retro
skater look, which is kind of what
they're going for. It's in the same
category as like the Vans New School or
something like that. I think the major
appeal of these is just the fact that
you're getting such a clean looking pair
of shoes that almost goes with anything.
I think that's why they're so popular.
Almost anybody can wear them and they go
with any outfit. So, if you are on a
budget or you just like the look of
them, pick them up and you'll have a ton
of wear out of them. Now, Adidas has
released a couple different versions of
the Campus O. So, there's a lot to
choose from when it comes to this
sneaker model. There's like a different
ST version, which I really like the look
of it. There's practically the same one,
but on the forum model, which basically
looks the same, but just slight little
tweaks, you know, so you got your all
all of your preferences are out there.
But overall, highly recommend,
especially if you're on a budget. Coming
in at number seven, the Adidas Pure
Chill. Now, I guess it's kind of
debatable whether this would be classed
as like a sneaker. It's in the foam shoe
category, and it's made of 99% foam. I
say 99 because there's an actual outsole
on here, unlike most foam shoes that
just come straight up made of foam. And
that's definitely going to beef up
durability a little bit. Something that
I really don't like about a lot of foam
shoes is the fact that it is just
straight up foam underneath and they
wear down extremely quickly. So, it's
nice to see this addition on this pair.
Now, generally speaking, the reason why
someone would buy a foam shoe is just
the comfort and the slip-on go ability.
And honestly, this Adidas Pure Chill is
the best on the market, at least right
now. I think the closest comparison
would be the Nike Rejuvenate. That would
kind of be in the same range, but I do
just really think the Pure Chills beat
those out. They're more comfortable. The
foam that they have formulated for this
pair of shoes is soft and cushioned and
kind of responsive. It's such a simple,
clean look. obviously takes a lot from
the Adidas Evo SL and the foam runners,
but you know, we we could have seen that
coming. Overall, I think when it comes
to summertime, these things are going to
be extremely popular. Obviously, Adidas
decided to drop these things in the
middle of winter. No idea why, but
that's kind of why no one's really
talking about them now because for the
most part, you know, this is a summer
shoe. But yeah, generally speaking, if
you're looking for a pair of foam shoes,
this is arguably the best on the market,
at least in my opinion. Super cozy.
Coming in at number six, we got the
Adidas Light Blaze. This was actually on
last year's top 10 list. And honestly,
it's a better option in 2026 than it was
last year. They have massively expanded
the Lightb Blaze line, so you've got a
bunch of different versions,
collaborations, colorways, and even
slight little iterations that kind of
make it a better shoe. One of my
favorites is the Allterrain version that
just has like a beefed up outsole, some
leather overlays, and stuff like that.
Something that you can kind of wear year
round. Generally speaking, the reason
why you're going to be buying the Light
Strike is because of the cushioning.
It's got a nice soft foam in the midsole
which is light strike. Something that
you should know by now. One of Adidas's
more premium cushioning, something that
you find in the Adidas Evo SL, etc. So,
under foot, it's nice and soft and just
perfect for everyday wear. They're super
comfortable and incredibly affordable.
It's a perfect option. Like, they're
under $100, so it's a perfect option to
pick up if you're on a budget. I mean,
I've even seen these things on sale for
like 50 60 bucks. So, it's almost a
no-brainer at that point. Right now,
coming in at number five, I am going to
cheat a little bit. Okay, just allow it.
It's the classics. Look, when Adidas
finds something that works or that is
popular, they go all in on that. So,
when the Adidas Samba took off in
popularity and everybody wanted that
model, they just unlocked the archive of
retros and flooded the market with them.
And the classics I'm talking about are
kind of, you know, functionally exactly
the same. So, I didn't really want
multiple of these to take up the top 10.
But, I do think that they're all equally
great options. And to be more specific,
in terms of classics, I'm talking about
four models. Samba, Superstar, Gazelle,
and the SL72. Generally speaking, these
are all amazing shoes, classics from
Adidas that have obviously stood the
test of time. They've been around for
decades. Everybody knows about them. You
don't need me to recommend them to you.
If you've walked into an Adidas store in
last year or this year, they're they
line the entire wall. They're not the
most comfortable shoes. They're not the
best quality shoes. You really are going
for this for the the style, the the
look, the the retro look from Adidas.
And it's a clean look. I've seen people
style all of these different models
very, very well. They look incredible.
So, yeah, I definitely have to add them
to the list. But moving on to something
new, taking the number four spot, the
Adidas XLG Addis Star 2.0 or the Adidas
Squid, let's just call them that. These
literally just launched for you guys out
in the US, but the rest of the world has
had them for a decent amount of time
now. Adidas strategically launched these
right after the insanely popular Forel
collaboration on the jellyfish. And
obviously that's to give people a very
very starkingly similar affordable
alternative. So yes, for the most part
when people talk about this pair of
shoes, they're comparing it and it is
definitely attached to the jellyfish and
that's why they're calling it the squid.
However, I truly believe if the
jellyfish never existed, this would
still be a really popular model. They're
chunky and got that retroreunner style.
They're based off of the Addi Star
Cushion. Again, one of those models I
think from the 2000s. Extremely
good-looking pair of retroreunners. And
if you don't like super chunky shoes, I
recommend those over the Squid. But if
you like the Squid, stick with me.
They're comfortable. They look great.
And honestly, I think this model is only
just scratching the surface. We've only
seen a couple different colorways. But
when I was out in China, I've seen all
of the crazy different ways that they've
reinterpreted this model with different
materials and different color schemes.
[music] It looks great. So, I think this
is going to have a very big year and
we're going to see a lot of different
options. So, if you don't like the
colorways that exist right now, feel
free to hold off. There's better stuff
coming in the pipeline. Right, before we
get into the top three, you know what we
got to do? A quick fire round of some
honorable mentions which I definitely
think are worth mentioning. First one,
the Adidas ZX RS. The only reason this
is not in the top 10 is because it's a
little bit more limited. I don't think
it's globally available, just in some
specific regions, but honestly, this is
one of the best under $100 sneakers you
can possibly buy right now. They're
incredibly comfortable. The design is
based off of the ZX line from Adidas,
which is a classic silhouette, and yeah,
they're they're super comfy. Next is the
Adidas Metawave or MTW. It's another
chunky runner, but it definitely has a
lot more of a sleeker look to it
compared to some of the other stuff on
the market. It's a really good-looking
and unique pair of shoes that's also
really comfortable. I think we're going
to see a lot of different versions and
different colorways in the pipeline. I
think at the moment we've only got like
three or four different colors on this.
And the last honorable mention is the
Adidas Switch Forward 2. I absolutely
love the first version of these things
and this second one just kind of tweaks.
It doesn't really change all that much.
slight bit lighter, a little bit more
cushioning, but ultimately just as
comfortable and really fun to wear. Just
like on shoes, it has like these
cavities in the midsole which collapse
as you walk around. So, it's just a
really interesting, comfortable
experience when you're walking around.
These are also pretty affordable, so not
that hard to pick up for a decent price.
Right, coming in at number three, we got
the Adidas AE2. We all knew this was
going to appear on the top 10 list. It's
a very good pair of shoes. Obviously,
the first version, the AE1, became one
of the most popular basketball shoes on
the planet. And honestly, the AE2 builds
on that. I don't think it has the same
amount of hype just because I mean, how
could it? The AE1s just were insanely
popular. But visually speaking and
practically speaking, I really do
believe the AE2 is better. Anthony
Edwards spoke a lot about how the design
of this second version was a little bit
more catered towards people who want to
wear it casually. And just judging on
how sick these things look when you look
down and you see that top down view,
they look beautiful. So they go really
well with like casual wear like cargo
pants or like well shorts obviously, but
you know different longer pants.
Obviously they still have all of the
same fundamentals in place. This is a
basketball shoe. It has a lot of comfort
as well with the combination of light
strike pro and adidas boost in the
midsole. I think if you're someone who
wants a cool sleek basketball pair of
shoes to walk around in, this is a great
option. Obviously it's a great ball shoe
as well. So yeah, definitely on the
list. But coming in at number two, we've
got one of my personal favorite sneakers
on the market, regardless of brand, the
Adidas XLG Runner. This is an amazing
shoe. I love these things. Yeah, maybe
it's a little bit more of an acquired
taste. They're definitely a little bit
different in terms of design, but not
shockingly so. I mean, they look very,
very similar to a pair of like
Balenciaga shoes. Now, these were also
on last year's list, but they're a lot
higher now because thankfully they're a
lot more attainable than they used to
be. As you may or may not know, these
have been a China exclusive for the
longest time, an extremely popular model
out there. And as people started
discovering them, they've slowly moved
and become pretty much fully available
online. Now, I'll try and look out for a
few places that sell them and then link
them in the description because I keep
on getting asked a bunch of questions on
like where I got all of my pairs. But
just note, it's not going to be directly
from Adidas. That's the only problem
with this pair of shoes. I think they
ultimately will release globally because
of the popularity, but we'll have to
wait and see. Either way, these are
super comfortable. Obviously, another
very chunky pair of shoes. I just think
the design is so like cool looking and
it goes so well with a bunch of
different cool outfits like baggier
options and stuff like that. But yeah,
like I said, one of my favorite shoes
from Adidas. I honestly wear them all
the time. But coming in at number one,
the undefeated champion for the second
year in a row, the Adidas Evo SL. This
was last year's number one. And you know
what's crazy is that they're even a
better option here in 2026 than they
were. You now have multiple different
versions of the exact same shoe that all
kind of improve upon the original.
You've got an all-terrain version which
is waterresistant. It has a more rugged
outsole which means a lot longer
durability. You've got a woven version
with a slightly softer upper. Same exact
midsole and a gusseted tongue which is a
little bit annoying from the original.
They didn't have that. You've got a zip
version dropping this year. You've got
an exoskeleton version which looks sick.
All to say, if you're tired of seeing
the original or you don't want the
original, or maybe you have the
original, you're looking for something
different, but at the same time, you
love this pair of shoes, there's so many
different options this year. Now, you've
probably heard me speak about this pair
of shoes a lot, so I'm just going to
kind of bullet point why this is such an
incredible pair of shoes. First of all,
value. You're getting Adidas's most
premium cushioning. They're insanely
comfortable at a decent price point.
Every other brand's comparable option
are a lot more expensive. Comfort, a
massive thing. Like these things are
incredibly comfortable. One of the most
comfortable shoes that you can buy and
they look damn good. Perfect for either
obviously running, wearing to the gym,
running errands. It's just a really
great all round pair of shoes. And yes,
certainly number one from Adidas. But
there you go. Let me know down in the
comments section if you had to pick just
one of these shoes, which one would it
be? And of course, like always, I'm
going to leave another video in the top
lefthand corner. Click on it to check it
out.
