Kind: captions
Language: en
For 2026, the Asus ROG lineup has some
very cool gaming hardware. We're going
to start off with this one right here,
the Asus ROG Zephorus Duo. So, for
years, the concept of a double screen
gaming laptop has been very interesting,
but very niche. They've existed, but
they've always had these small secondary
screens that weren't particularly useful
for most people. This changes things.
So, this is the world's first 16-in dual
screened gaming laptop, and it is so
cool. These screens give a ton of
utility and versatility for a high
performance laptop. So, in the most
basic version of this device, you could
just open it up like a typical clamshell
device. Like, you could open it up and
you have a keyboard in the bottom
section. This runs an RTX 5090 on the
inside up to 130 watts for the GPU. And
this is like a thin bezled gaming
laptop. But then you can remove the
keyboard. So, uh it does take a little
bit of pressure. The keyboard is
magnetically attached so it doesn't just
slide around loosely. you got to
intentionally remove it. And when you
do, uh, well, the keyboard is now
working in a wireless mode. When it was
connected, it had these magnetic pogo
pins that would connect to the keyboard
for a wired connection. But when you
remove it, it works wirelessly. Uh, and
when it's removed like this, this is
like it's a flat, tiltless experience.
So, there's no angle or tilt to it. This
feels like a super thin MacBook. Now,
the device itself, you could keep it
like this with this bottom panel flat on
the table like this. But for the full
glory, you pop open this kickstand and
now you have the full double screen
experience like this with the keyboard.
This is sick. You can tilt the top panel
however you want. It's a big 16-in
screen doubled up like this. It's
awesome. But if you want, you can also
rotate the whole device like so. And it
now becomes a kind of side by side
orientation. Now, when it's like this,
you can't adjust the tilt anymore. But
you can lean in or angle in the side
panel just so you have a particular
viewing angle you like. And this is
sick. Like, just imagine working on if
this is like the workflow you have with
two screens. Like, this is awesome. This
is such a nice experience. And I've
always said this, if you can get more
screen, like just more screen real
estate, but in the same kind of
footprint, it's better. Everyone always
wants that, right? more screen, but your
package folds down into something that
is a normal 16-in laptop. This is a
little heavier and thicker than your
average 16-in device, but it's the same
footprint. The hinge of the screen goes
back pretty far, so you can open it up
to this tent mode looking configuration.
And when you do, you have an option of
either displaying the same thing on both
screens or using it as two separate
panels. But one thing you'll notice is
that when you have this double screen
open, you'll notice a fairly large break
or gap between the two panels. And if
you're using it for two kind of split
screen purposes, it's perfectly fine.
Having a gap like that is not an issue.
But it's not meant to be used like for
playing a game that spans across both
screens or like watching content that
uses both screens at once. I can't think
of any game that would play well with a
big break in the middle of it like this.
These screens feel like they were built
for like doing one thing on one screen
and then a different thing on the second
screen. Uh the build is fully aluminum.
On the top panel, you have this kind of
light strip. It's nothing too flashy.
And inside you have that RTX 5090, but
also the CPU being that new Intel Core
Ultra Series 3 chip. And this chip is
one of the reasons why this product even
exists. It's super energy efficient,
really good multi-core capabilities. It
seems very promising. It runs liquid
metal with the vapor chamber and it's
got a 90W hour battery. And all of these
components are cooled underneath that
second screen. This thing is stacked.
It's essentially a double screened high
performance workstation that folds down
into a typical 16-inch laptop size. So,
it's not for everyone, but I think most
people would find it useful. All right,
let's talk about the Zephris G14 and
G16. These are the thin and light gaming
laptops from Asus. So, the G14 comes in
two variants. An AMD version that goes
up to an RTX 5060 at 100 watts, and then
there's the new Intel version that goes
up to a 5080 running at 130 watts. So,
these are higher wattage GPUs and more
powerful GPUs than the previous
generation. If you look at the rear
exhaust of these, so this is the new
one. This actually looks quite a bit
different than the old one. The new
version has a series of dots for the
back grill and also the rear exhaust has
this sloped section. Now, we'll have to
see how these thermals hold up in the
review units. The other device, the G16,
still one of my favorite gaming laptops
on the market, this can now be
configured up to an RTX 5090 running at
160 watts. like same thickness as
before, still a super thin gaming
laptop, but this can apparently cool an
RTX 5090 running at 160 watts. Now,
we're going to have to see how that
holds up in future reviews because that
is very difficult to cool with this kind
of thickness. The displays on both these
units are awesome. They're fast, bright,
and color accurate. The G16 is
particularly nice because it goes to 240
Hz. All right, I'm going to move on to
the RG Flow Z13 KJP. So, this is the
Kajjima Productions special edition of
the Z13. And if you're a fan of Hideo
Khjima's work, you'll recognize the vibe
they're going for. It's got Luden's
imagery all over it. And Luden's refers
to the mascot of Kjima Productions. It's
this futuristic explorer in a space
suit, and this device leans into that
aesthetic hard. So, this isn't just some
regular Z13 with a Kjima sticker on it.
They went full tilt on the special
edition. The packaging is Kajjima. The
device is gold toned throughout and it's
got real carbon fiber in a section of
it. It's very unique looking. And then
the keyboard, it's the same keyboard as
we see on the regular FLZ13, but it's
got these like extra tabs on the side
that kind of well there's utility to it
when it's attached. It's like a little
bit easier to pull it open. Uh but also
just has like a design element to it.
But this is also Kajjima themed. And
there's also one with metal key caps
that you can get. And it's got a custom
boot logo, a custom boot sound. There's
even a storage box that comes with it
that's not quite like a Death Stranding
cargo box. At least I don't think it
looks like it to me, but it's just super
cool. And there's also stickers in the
package. And there's a corresponding
mouse pad and a mouse. It's their Caris
2, their right-handed Erggo mouse, and a
special edition of the Delta 2 headset
that goes with this design language. All
part of this Kjima Productions set. But
this is how special edition should be
done. This feels so purposeful and just
like really welldesigned. Now, the specs
on this tablet is top tier. It's their
stricks Halo chip, the AMD Ryzen monster
chip with the super powerful graphics
and it has 128 gigs of RAM. It's
ridiculously powerful. Complete
overkill, but this is what would make a
proper Kajjima Productions collab. Uh,
so there you have it. That's the 2026
Asus ROG lineup.
